This README file explains how to adapt fotex.sty for tralics
and the raweb. It contains also a Copyright notice for Tralics.

raweb-uni.sty and tralics-iso.sty are part of Tralics, 
see Copyright notice below.
raweb3.dtd is the RAWEB dtd, used in 2002 and 2003.
All other files are verbatim copies or modifications of existing files, 
with their own Copyright notice.

1) There is a file named fotex.sty-patched.
 You have to rename this file to fotex.sty and make sure that 
 it is in the search path of latex.

2) The file fotex.sty-patched is identical to the original
fotex.sty with the exception that all \RequirePackage commands
have been replaced by a single one: \RequirePackage{fotex-add}.

3) You have to make sure that fotex-add.sty is in the latex search path.
There are some differences with the original set of packages
  - \RequirePackage{curves}  added
  - \RequirePackage{ipa} added
  - \RequirePackage[misc,electronic,weather]{ifsym} added
  - original meaning of \tilde restored after loading of unicode.sty
  - \RequirePackage{raweb-uni} added
  - \InputIfFileExists{fotex-supp.tex}
(there is no fotex-supp.tex in the package. This is a kind of cfg file)

4) The raweb-uni.sty file is loaded after unicode.sty
Its purpose is to define/redefine some unicode characters, according
to the fonts available on my machine.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright José Grimm, Inria, projet APICS. 2004
Email: Jose.Grimm@sophia.inria.fr

This software is a computer program whose purpose is to 
translate LaTeX documents into XML format.

This software is governed by the CeCILL  license under French law and
abiding by the rules of distribution of free software.  You can  use, 
modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL
license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL
"http://www.cecill.info". 

As a counterpart to the access to the source code and  rights to copy,
modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only
with a limited warranty  and the software's author,  the holder of the
economic rights,  and the successive licensors  have only  limited
liability. 

In this respect, the user's attention is drawn to the risks associated
with loading,  using,  modifying and/or developing or reproducing the
software by the user in light of its specific status of free software,
that may mean  that it is complicated to manipulate,  and  that  also
therefore means  that it is reserved for developers  and  experienced
professionals having in-depth computer knowledge. Users are therefore
encouraged to load and test the software's suitability as regards their
requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or 
data to be ensured and,  more generally, to use and operate it in the 
same conditions as regards security. 

The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had
knowledge of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms.
